Updates for several July 2023 mc releases (#964)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-replicate.rst

   Create or expand a site replication configuration.
   The configuration uses asynchronous site replication by default, as MinIO recommends.

>    If your circumstances require synchronous site replication, complete the configuration, then use :mc-cmd:`mc admin replicate update --mode` with the ``sync`` option.

Reviewer: OK I know this was already here but still, this feels like a really long way of saying

```suggestion
To enable synchronous site replication, create the replication using this command *first*.
Then use :mc-cmd:`mc admin replicate update --mode sync <mc admin replicate update --mode>` to update the configuration.
```

Author: :+1: I like it.

      
      The new endpoint or URL to associate with the peer site.

   .. mc-cmd:: --mode
      :optional:

      Specify whether MinIO performs replication operations to the peer synchronously or asynchronously.
      Available values are ``sync`` and ``async``.

>       If not defined, MInIO uses asynchronous site replication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to ``async``
```

Author: 👍
